4.1 Seller’s Representations. Except as otherwise disclosed in writing to Buyer, Seller warrants and represents to Buyer as
follows:  4.1.1 Seller is a duly formed and validly existing limited liability company organized under the laws
of Colorado. Seller has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement, to perform this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and all documents contemplated
hereby by Seller have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary action on the part of Seller and all required consents and approvals have been duly obtained and will not result in a breach of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute
a default under any indenture, agreement or instrument to which Seller is a party. This Agreement is a legal, valid and binding obligation of Seller, enforceable against Seller in accordance with its terms, subject to the effect of applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, arrangement, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally.
4.1.2 Seller has good and marketable title to the Property. There are no outstanding rights of first refusal, rights of
reverter or options to purchase relating to the Property or any interest therein. To Seller’s knowledge, there are no unrecorded or undisclosed documents or other matters which affect title to the Property. Subject to the Leases, Seller has
enjoyed the continuous and uninterrupted quiet possession, use and operation of the Property, without material complaint or objection by any person.
4.1.3 Seller is not a “foreign person” within the meaning of Section 1445(f) of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended (the “Code”).   

4.1.4 Neither Seller nor any of its affiliates, nor any of their respective
partners, members, shareholders or other equity owners, and none of their respective employees, officers, directors, representatives or agents is, nor will they become, a person or entity with whom United States persons or entities are restricted
from doing business under regulations of the Office of Foreign Asset Control (“OFAC”) of the Department of the Treasury (including those named on OFAC’s Specially Designated and Blocked Persons List) or under any statute, executive
order (including, without limitation, the September 24, 2001, Executive Order Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions with Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism), or other governmental action, and is not and will
not engage in any dealings or transactions or be otherwise associated with such persons or entities.  4.1.5 The
authorization, consent, and approval of a governmental authority is required for the Closing herein described to occur. However, Seller will use its reasonable best efforts to obtain such approval within fifteen (15) days of the Effective Date
of this Agreement.  4.1.6 There are no actions, suits or proceedings pending, or, to the best of Seller’s
knowledge, threatened (a) affecting Seller, which if determined adversely, would affect its ability to perform its obligations hereunder; or (b) against any portion of the Property.
4.1.7 Seller has not (a) made a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (b) filed any voluntary
petition in bankruptcy or suffered the filing of an involuntary petition by Seller’s creditors, (c) suffered the appointment of a receiver to take possession of all or substantially all of Seller’s assets, (d) suffered the
attachment or other judicial seizure of all, or substantially all, of Seller’s assets, (e) admitted in writing its inability to pay its debts as they come due, or (f) made an offer of settlement, extension or composition to its
creditors generally.  4.1.8 To the best of Seller’s knowledge, neither the execution, delivery or
performance of this Agreement nor compliance herewith (a) conflicts or will conflict with or results or will result in a breach of or constitutes or will constitute a default under (i) the articles of incorporation and by-laws or other
organization certificate and/or partnership or operating agreement of Seller, or (ii) any law or any order, writ, injunction or decree of any court or governmental authority, or (b) results in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge
or encumbrance upon its property pursuant to any such agreement or instrument.  4.1.9 Seller has not entered
into any material commitments or agreements with any governmental authorities or agencies affecting the Property except as provided in the Property Information.
4.1.10 There is no pending, threatened or contemplated condemnation proceeding relating to the Property to the best of
Seller’s knowledge, and Seller has received no written notice from any governmental agency or official to the effect that any such proceeding is contemplated.
4.1.11 Seller has delivered or made available to Buyer a complete copy of the Lease and other occupancy agreements
affecting the Property. The Lease is in full force and effect. Seller is “landlord” or “lessor” under and is entitled to assign to Buyer, without tenant’s consent (subject to Section 4.1.5, above), the Lease at Closing.
Neither Seller nor the tenant shall be in default under the Lease and at Closing there will exist no condition or circumstance or written notice of any condition or circumstance which, with the passage of time, would
constitute a default of either Seller or the tenant. The tenant is not asserting any claim of offset or other defense in respect of its or Seller’s obligations under the Lease, and there are no unresolved disputes relating to the calculation of
additional rent under the Lease. There are no pending or incomplete tenant improvements and unpaid tenant improvement costs and leasing commissions with respect to the Lease and no pecuniary obligation to tenant and brokers has vested or accrued and
is owed by Seller, except that shall be fully completed and paid in full prior to Closing.  4.1.12 The
financial statements of Property operations provided by Seller, including, but not limited to, statements of revenue and expenses, balance sheets and statements of cash flow are true, correct and complete in all material respects. Such financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the information contained therein for the periods indicated therein. All expenses associated with Property operations have been recorded in Seller’s general ledger. Seller agrees to provide
such other reasonable information requested by Buyer provided such request may not delay the Closing.  4.1.13
Seller agrees to make such further and other reasonable representations and warranties regarding the financial statements of the Property and the Seller, including, but not limited to representations and warranties related to statements of revenue
and expenses, and Seller’s internal controls for the prevention and detection of fraud, as may be reasonably required of Seller by Buyer’s auditor. Seller further agrees to reasonably cooperate with Buyer’s auditor in connection with
delivery of any audit opinions or comfort letters relating to audited financial statements prepared by Buyer’s Auditor and consents to the dissemination of any such audited financial statements, opinions or letters as may be required by Buyer
or its auditor for any purpose, including but not limited to their inclusion in any registration statements, prospectuses, or similar documents in connection with syndications, private placements or public offerings of securities or interest by
Buyer, or any of Buyer’s affiliates or assigns and any reporting requirements for the same under applicable federal and state laws. All costs and expenses associated with any reports, opinions or letters required by this section shall be borne
by Buyer.  4.1.14 Seller has delivered or made available to Buyer true and complete copies of all management
and leasing contracts to which Seller is a party and affecting the Property and, to the best of Seller’s knowledge, all other contracts, agreements, documents, reports, materials and information that are in Seller’s possession or control
with respect to the ownership, use and/or operation of the Property. Seller has not, within the last year, received any written notice of any default under any Property Contract or other such contract or agreement that has not been cured or waived.
 4.1.15 There are no debts or other liabilities or obligations relating to the Lease or the Property, including
but not limited to tenant improvement costs and leasing commissions, vesting, accruing and/or arising prior to Closing which will be due or payable from or by Buyer.
4.1.16 Seller has not received any written notice from, and is otherwise aware of no grounds for, any association,
declarant or easement holder requiring the correction of any condition with respect to the Property, or any part thereof, by reason of a violation of any restrictions or covenants recorded against the Property.

4.1.17 Except as disclosed in the Property Information, there are no
material defects in the structural elements of the Improvements and all improvements (including, without limitation, machinery, equipment, electrical, plumbing, heating and air conditioning systems and equipment) located on the Property are in good
mechanical working order, condition and repair, and are structurally safe and sound and have no material defect (reasonable wear and tear excepted), and, there is no material leak or material defect in any roof located upon the Property.
4.1.18 Seller has not received any written notice from, and is otherwise aware of no grounds for, any governmental agency
requiring the correction of any condition with respect to the Property, or any part thereof, by reason of a violation of any applicable federal, state, county or municipal law, code, rule or regulation (including those respecting the Americans With
Disabilities Act), which has not been cured or waived.  4.1.19 The Property is properly zoned for its current
use. There is no pending or threatened request, application or proceeding to alter or restrict the zoning or other use restrictions applicable to the Property; there is no plan, study or effort by any governmental authority or agency or any private
party or entity that in any way affects or would affect the authorization of the current use and operation of the Property.
4.1.20 Seller has not received any written notice of an intention to revoke any certificate of occupancy, license, or
permit issued in connection with the Property.  4.1.21 Seller has received no notice that the Property or any
portion thereof contains any form of toxic mold.  4.1.22 There are no Hazardous Materials stored on,
incorporated into, located on, present in or used on the Property in violation of, and requiring remediation under, any laws, ordinances, statutes, codes, rules or regulations as of the date of this Agreement or, upon the Close of Escrow hereunder,
in existence on the Close of Escrow. For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Hazardous Materials” shall mean any substance which is or contains: (i) any “hazardous substance” as now or hereafter defined in
Section 101(14) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended (42 U.S.C. Section 9601 et seq.) (“CERCLA”) or any regulations promulgated under CERCLA; (ii) any
“hazardous waste” as now or hereafter defined the Recourse Conservation and Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. Section 6901 et seq.) (“RCRA”) or regulations promulgated under RCRA; (iii) any substance regulated by the Toxic
Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. Section 2601 et. seq.); (iv) gasoline, diesel fuel or other petroleum hydrocarbons; (v) asbestos and asbestos containing materials, in any form, whether friable or non-friable;
(vi) polychlorinated biphenyls; (vii) radon gas: and (viii) any additional substances or materials which are now or hereafter classified or considered to be hazardous or toxic under any laws, ordinances, statutes, codes, rules,
regulations, agreements, judgments, orders and decrees now or hereafter enacted, promulgated, or amended, of the United States, the state, the county, the city or any other political subdivision in which the Property is located and any other
political subdivision, agency or instrumentality exercising jurisdiction over the owner of the Property, the Property or the use of the Property relating to pollution, the protection or regulation of human health, natural resources or the
environment, or the emission, discharge, release or threatened release of pollutants, contaminants, chemicals or industrial, toxic or hazardous substances or waste into the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water,
ground water or land or soil).   

4.1.23 There are no claims pending or unpaid bills which would result in the
creation of any lien on the Property for any improvements completed or in progress, including, but not limited to, water, sewage, street paving, electrical or power improvements. There are no delinquent bills or claims in connection with any repair
of the Property or other work or material purchased in connection with the Property which will not be paid by or at the Close of Escrow or placed in escrow pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.
4.1.24 No treatment has been undertaken by Seller with respect to termite or similar infestation, fungi, or dry rot on the
Property other than normal periodic service, and to the best of Seller’s knowledge, there is no damage to any portion of the Property from termite or similar infestation, fungi or dry rot.
4.1.25 Seller has received no notices or requests from any insurance company issuing any policy of insurance covering the
Property requesting the performance of any work with respect to the Property or the Improvements located thereon which has not been fully complied with.
4.1.26 Seller shall immediately notify Buyer, in writing, of any event or condition known to Seller which occurs prior to
the Close of Escrow hereunder, which causes a change in the facts relating to, or the truth of, any of the representations or warranties.
4.1.27 All information given by Seller to Buyer in this Agreement or in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereunder shall be true and accurate in every material respect as of the date hereof and at the Close of Escrow, and Seller has not failed to disclose any fact to Buyer necessary to make the statements herein or otherwise provided in connection with
the transactions contemplated hereunder not misleading and Seller has no knowledge or information of any facts, circumstances, or conditions that are inconsistent with the representations and warranties contained herein. Seller shall promptly inform
Buyer in writing if there occurs any (i) material adverse change in the condition, financial or otherwise, of the Property, or the operation thereof, at any time prior to the Close of Escrow or (ii) if any information, document, agreement
or other material delivered to Buyer is amended, superseded, modified or supplemented.  4.1.28 The General
Services Administration, per the terms of the Lease of the Property, may reimburse real property taxes over the Lease-established “base tax year” amount as detailed in the Lease, and which are paid by the owners of the Property upon a
receipt of proof of payment of such taxes by the owner. Seller further represents that all real property taxes for the year immediately preceding the year of Closing have heretofore been paid.
